Small-island freshwater lenses are limited water stores that are
Existing analytical freshwater-lens solutions usually assume idealized
The sharp-interface Ghyben-Herzberg and Dupuit representation assumes
A constant-mean-thickness diffusion equation
A fundamental hydraulic-head solution without the ocean boundary
Planar shoreline coordinates in a projected coordinate system
A boundary-node set at user-defined spacing
Image-well weights that enforce prescribed ocean head
Hydraulic-head values throughout the irregular island domain
Freshwater-saltwater interface geometry
Normalized vulnerability index for that parameter
Reliability-index map for vulnerability predictions
Circular-island head solutions at each node density
A convergence trend from approximately 0.356 to 0.070 error
One measured execution time for every refinement level
Runtime growth from about 0.19 seconds to 28.7 seconds
Least-squares equivalent radius for the Kurylyk island solution
Maximum feasible multiwell extraction configuration
Enforcing ocean head on an irregular coastline produces